f-alert@4.0.0 - add f-button to peer dependencies (#1509)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/molecules/f-alert/CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

v4.0.0
------------------------------
*November 26, 2021*

### Added

> - **Breaking Change**: Added `f-button` dependency to peer dependencies. Now `f-button` should be included as a dependency of the consuming app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking Change**: Added `f-button` dependency to peer dependencies. Now `f-button` should be included as a dependency of the consuming component or application.
```

Reviewer: Is it worth adding something to the README? Maybe a section near the top that state's its dependencies?

Reviewer 2: Yup i think that would be useful too.

### Removed

> - **Breaking Change**: Removed `f-button` styles import from the component. Make sure to import `f-button` styles in you application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking Change**: Removed `f-button` styles import from the component. Make sure to import `f-button` styles in your application.
```
